- [Instructor] We created some Book,
Customer, and Order POJOs.
Now we need to set up a JMS message converter.
In order to create a JMS message converter,
we need to do a little bit more setup work for our project.
Let's create a separate configuration called a JMS config.
We'll do that by Right Clicking on the config,
go to New, Java Class.
We'll type in JmsConfig.
Inside of it
we're going to copy from our Application.java.
We'll copy from lines 40 through 58.
We'll cut those out, come back to our JmsConfig,
and we'll paste those inside.
We'll annotate our JmsConfig with that configuration
so that Spring knows to look at the beans in this
as part of the configuration.
We'll also annotate with EnableJms
so that our JMS listeners will be picked up.
Now, let's talk about the message converter.
I mentioned that Spring makes available a default converter
called a SimpleMessageConverter, which is used
by default in transmission and conversion of JMS messages.
Here we're going to specify a new bean which will cause
Spring to use a different message converter methodology.
And we'll just put this here at the top.
We'll type @Bean.
Public.
MessageConverter.
And we need to make sure
that we use the jms.support.converter.
And this is because Spring has two message supporter classes
and they exist in different packages.
If you choose the wrong one, things will not work properly.
We'll call this a jacksonJms
MessageConverter.
And we'll instantiate a Mapping
Jackson2MessageConverter.
Again, Spring has
two of these classes in different packages.
You wanna use the one that's in the jms.support.converter.
We'll call this a converter
equals new MappingJackson2MessageConverter.
MappingJackson2MessageConverter
is designed for usage with JSON strings.
So, now we need to type converter
setTargetType.
And we're going to set a target type of MessageType.TEXT.
And this will use the underlying base JMS message type.
So, we could use message type of bytes as well.
We're going to use text here.
And the last thing we'll type is converter.set
TypeIdPropertyName.
And we'll type in _type.
Turn the converter.
Now, the setTypeIdPropertyName,
really doesn't matter what you set this to
as long as the sender and the receiver
both rely on the same message converter bean.
I say this because if you decide
to break this out into two separate projects,
a warehouse API and a client API,
make sure that whatever you set this type to
is the same in both message converters.
Otherwise your messages won't convert.
Now, going back to the Application.java class.
We're going to comment out a section
inside the static void main method.
And that's from line 34 through 37.
So, we'll just type our comments here.
And we're doing this because,
as you'll find out in the next video,
we'll be pushing our messages from the web frontend.
And we don't really need this piece anymore.
Now, going back to our JmsConfig class.
We have one more thing to keep in mind here,
and that is with the JmsTemplate bean we created earlier.
The JmsTemplate bean
we created is overwriting the default one provided by Spring
which also means we have to do one of two things.
First, if we leave this as is,
then it means that we need to ensure
the JmsTemplate variable is using our new message converter.
And we could do that by typing template
setMessageConverter and populating it
with the JacksonMessageConverter we created.
Doing so, however, means we don't have to set
the message converter bean to Spring bean
with the @Bean configuration.
The @Bean causes the method it annotates
to load an instance of that variable
into the session memory at application startup.
So, the application, through Spring API,
calls it once with the @Bean,
and then calling it again would be a waste of resources.
The second way to handle this is
to remove the JmsTemplate bean altogether.
But then we would need to add an @Bean annotation
on the ConnectionFactory to make it available
because the internal JmsTemplate will need
that ConnectionFactory set.
Otherwise, Spring Boot will assume it is defaulting
to its own internal ActiveMQ instance,
and we really don't want that.
Because Spring wires things together
by looking first at the configuration class, beans,
and then later the service component, et cetera.
Class level annotations, we have to keep in mind
what instances are already provided for us.
For now, to keep this simple,
we're gonna apply the @Bean annotation
and we're going to remove the JmsTemplate.
The last thing we need to do here
is we need to create a new class
and we're going to do this in our JMS service.
We'll call this
the BookStore
Order
Service.
Inside of it
we'll go ahead and apply the @Service annotation
so Spring will pick it up.
We will
autowire a
JmsTemplate
to use the one Spring is specifying for us.
And we'll create a private
static
final
String variable for our queue destination.
We'll call this our BOOK_QUEUE.
And we'll make this be set to our book.order.queue.
Then we'll create a new method.
We'll call this public void
send.
And this will take a parameter of bookOrder.
And inside of here we'll use our jmsTemplate.convertAndSend.
We'll use our BOOK_QUEUE as our destination.
And we'll send our bookOrder.
As far as the warehouse receiver class,
we'll add this as well in our next video.
And then we'll run the app
and introduce some frontend changes that I've made for you.